I'll take your parents with me today
Educate you well
Who said I didn't negotiate cooperation?
Some people don't be in a hurry
Lucius did that to you
How could I still call you?
It's not that you feel too ashamed
What the hell are you doing behind your back?
What the hell?
If you connect it, you will know.
Miss Shu, I'm really sorry for what happened yesterday.
Can I ask you to meet this afternoon?
In what way?
Can let people like Lu Qixiu take the initiative to take the bait
Shu Yan, I really underestimated you
Why did you tell you that the vice president is not there without makeup?
He went to find another man
The CEO wants to see you
I he he he took the initiative to see me